In the last lecture we have learned where we should put that out or made tests that we will create for
our applications.
We've also seen how we can run the tests using BHP you need.
And you've also learned how the basic structure of a single test should look like.
Now there is this speech unit exam l configuration file which will configure the peach you need and
the section that will mostly interest you.
Is this part.
So this is where you can define some different environment variables for your test runs.
So usually when you develop on your local environment you will store the environment variables in the
dot and file and this environment is called local.
But a lot of oil runs the tests in a separate environment called testing and then you will configure
all the settings all the environment variables inside this BHP.
You need Excel files so you can see that the upper end of here is testing and by default we have some
other environment variables set.
So this would be very useful when we will do tests that involve the database.
So normally by default we have specified that we want to use the database connection to my school database
that we run locally but for tests you would not like to use the same database as your application.
So for the tests we will use another database and this could be another database on your my school server
or you can alternatively use Eskew a light database or even run the tests using the Eskew light database
in memory.
And this is what we will do if we want our tests to run using our different database and we do want
that we have to define DV connection environment variable inside the PDP unit AML and put the connection
name.
So let's use obscure light testing and then you might remember that connections are the find inside
the config database BHP file.
You can see our my sequel connection that we are actually using.
And there is also a predefined Eskew a light connection that we haven't been using.
But now let's create a brand new connection based on that that will call Eskew a light testing.
So we do not need those two properties.
And since we want this to be created in memory we specified that the database name would be memory.
So it's a special keyword to tell of all that the database should be created in memory now.
Finally let's talk about the problem that many people apparently are having when they are configuring
are separate database connection for day their tests and this is that they have cached that configuration
at one point and the configuration cache is never created automatically.
You have to run a command for it and the command is BHP artisan config cache.
So if you did that at one point or you just don't remember you should run this command first which will
clear this configuration cache and you should do that because if you wouldn't and you have the configuration
cached and you have added a new property here the db connection it might just not be picked up and Lavell
might use the cache configuration variable instead.
And this would be the one from your environment file which is the my sequel.
So later when we will create tests that actually reset the database you might find that running your
tests actually is resetting your my sequel database and you probably do not want that.
So of course I will cover that later how to write tests that interact with our database but just so
you know it's a typical problem that many people are having.